Welcome back to Gary's Economics
todaywe've got a channel update for you
Okay so we've had massive growth on the channel in
the last like month or so and um that's fantastic
I just wanted to say thank you very much to like
all of the new people who've come, all the new
people who've been commenting, sending messages
um especially people who've like gone back and
like watched the old videos like it's really like
this is basically what what we need in order for
me to be able to start pushing change to happen so
like thank you very much to everyone who's come in
um I would also like to basically apologise to
all the people who sent me messages that I've
not been able to reply to, um, back when this channel
started honestly I used to apply to every message
um but at the moment it's just just not possible
I'm reading the messages and I'm taking them
into account when I decide what to talk about
when I film um so yeah keep sending them and
especially people who've been like offering tohelp
like we would love to get help but at the moment
like it's not really possible for me to even
look through them and figure out what we need
um but yeah thank you very much and
sorry for the message I'm not replying to
um I want to do a channel update basically
because we've been... well a lot of things have
been moving very quickly recently and we've
been doing we've been having to like schedule
emergency shoot days and stuff to make sure
we could for example respond to the budget
and respond to the cancellation of the budget
things like this um but I'm going away for nearly
a month for like pretty much all in November so we
are not going to be able to film like live update
videos like responses to news probably in the next
month um but what are you laughing at the Ducks?
that's right Ducks will pass yeah we're not going
to be able to film live update videos in the next
month um but look that's fine the way I see this
channel is primarily it's to get as many people as
possible to understand how important it is that we
fix wealth inequality um listen this is not going
to get fixed in the short term um this is going to
be like a long long fight and it's going to take
it's going to take some time to do and it's
going to take a lot of people to do it so
um we're not going to be able to provide live
news for the next month but I think instead we're
going to release a set of like basically like
educational videos to try and help you understand
as best as possible why wealth inequality is
so damaging and why fixing wealth inequality
is so important um that can help
you understand that it can help you
share it with your friends and your family and
your people you work with so that I think if
enough people understood what was happening
then we would get a big move to change it so
yeah we're going to try and explain it as clear
as possible in videos over the next few weeks and
um yeah that's gonna help you understand um the
next thing is like I've been getting a lot of
messages from people saying look I really want to
help what can I do what can I do and like I really
appreciate that that's it really means a lot to
see like people passionate and wanting to support
um it's been difficult for me basically because
I can't reply to everyone say what you need to do
um but I think the main thing I want people to
understand is that this is going to take a while
you know this is not going to be quick this is
only going to happen if we build a big movement
um so like I will try and build a bit
more of a structure around this so like
I can have more people around them we could do
more things but in the meantime really all I would
ask people to do is try your best to understand
the message I'm trying to give which is look
wealth inequality is very verydamaging
um it will grow if wedon't do anything
about it and it will makethe economy
worse and worse over time
um understand things like the 'what is wealth?'
video things like the first video on the channel
'Why Covid-19 makes the Rich Richer' because if you
understand how much inequality has increased in
the last few years and how much the wealth of the
richest has increased you can spread that message
I think if people were aware just how massively
richer the rich have become in the last few years
then it would become obviously politically
unacceptable what's happening now making ordinary
families so much poorer so um understand as much
as you can and spread the message um I think I was
trying to do this three-step message at a point
where it was educate yourself, spread themessage
as much as possible and push back and um
I still think that in the long run that is how
we win this you know; understand the importance
of wealth inequality, spread the message to friends
family, workmates, community and wherever you
can like push back you know whatever that is
call up LBC and tell em you're not happy about it, write a
letter to your MP, post it on Facebook, post on Twitter
um but you know some people are going to disagree
and you know be kind - that's how we win people over
um and trying to understand everyone is in
different situation a lot of people's situations
are difficult um but we're only going to make
things better by building bridges and coming
together over this so um yeah try and build up
bridges of community and understanding and just
get this idea into people's heads if you don't
fix inequality we don't make this better make
sure people understand this is not about taxing
ordinary working people it's not about taxing
doctors or lawyers or possibly even bankers
thisis about going after the super super rich
who are increasingly owning more & more of our country,
get people to understand that if we don't do that
the inequality will get worse and worse and the
economy will get worse and worse um you know these
are simple messages if you don't fix inequality
you will not fix the economy if you don't do
anything about it things will keep getting worse
um educate your friends and family push the media
push politicians and um yeah just thanks very
much for your support if we keep it growing then
like I'm hoping down the line we'll be able to
make things happen um yeah hopefully thank you